here's four tips to survive the zombie
apocalypse learn to climb and if the
zombies can climb then you better learn
to fall but the problem is zombies
usually fall no problem so you should
learn to run and I know I'm the flexi
guy so you might think I'd tell you to
stretch but no lastly you should be able
to function without your phone cuz once
it dies it's going to be useless anyway
and besides without the internet it's
gone if you can't remember the last time
you just laid down and looked at the sky
it's time to do it you should have a
spontaneous picnic with the friends or
something wait it's a good idea I'll
text the group chat where's my
phone shoot stay flexxy